# Music Releases 🎵
On this project we are doing pair-programing and using React for the first time 💥. The goal is to use React components to build a page which shows new album and single releases using data from Spotify 💃

## How We built it - What We learned
- Since this was our first time using React, we had to understand the basic theory of what this tool is useful for. We started with looking into JSX, how to structure a page using components, and more specifically to this project: how to use props to implement the data we got into our components.
- We also had a good overview of npm and what the package.json file represents. We got familiar with npm install and npm start commands.
- More practically, we started by creating a main App component which contains all the other smaller components that represent a whole "Album card". All the Album Cards are generated by using the map() method on the array of data that we were provided. These created 50 different Albums to work with.
- Inside the Album component and by using props, we generate HTML elements that will show each Album's cover image, name and artists involved. Cover Image and Artists also link to their respective Spotify pages ✨
- The Artists Names are generated by using the map() method once more, since the names were included inside an array in the data.
- CSS styling played a big role in this project: we learned how to give elements a class on React by using keyword className.
- The page is responsive and we have managed to implement some nice hover effects on the different Album covers, which proved a bit challenging, but with the right HTML structure and class naming we got it to work 💪

## View it live
Find our first of many more React projects Live here: https://epic-tesla-7afe8f.netlify.app/ 🎶
